The trip to the Azores takes three days and nights, during which you get approximately zero hours of sleep. Every time you close your eyes, the frog's visions explode back into your mind, each one with a clarity and dynamism that makes the waking world seem pale and empty in comparison.

Early one morning, one of these dreams is interrupted as you find yourself violently shaken awake. You tumble out of your hammock in the crew sleeping quarters and smack your head against the floor.

Your assailant doesn't even have the decency to stick around and explain why they saw fit to disturb your sleep. However, the sound of boots slamming against the floor and loud shouts of excitement around you makes this unnecessary -- something big is happening, and going by the direction of the footfalls, it's happening on the bridge.

Minutes later, you're pushing through the throng of pirates in the bridge to see out of one of the windows. You manage to duck through the excited and jittery crowd -- carefully avoiding hook hands and splintery peg legs -- and peek through a tiny gap between people.

At first, you think that the Azores is a much larger land mass than you used to believe it was. Then you realise the meaning of the previous words of power. Then you really notice the landmass spreading out below you. It is covered by vast, glittering city, exactly like the one you've been seeing in visions and dreams since the challenge in the mad cartographer's house.

The original Azore Islands appear as the bare, green and uninhabited tops of the continent's mountains -- for this must be a continent.

~ยง~

The Hurricane lands in the middle of one of the glittering city's main roads. It is a wide enough thoroughfare to accommodate the ship with a good distance between it and the enormous buildings that flank either side of the road. You and the pirate crew disembark and stand in awe for minutes, taking in the city. It's like no place you've ever been before -- even Natat pales in comparison.

"I thought they was lyin'," Smelly Pete says to you. "Never gave no mind to them Atlantis stories, but here it is."

Atlantis. The thought hadn't occurred to you that this could be the fabled city of Atlantis, but then, how many fabled sunken cities can there be? The place doesn't look to you as though it was ever underwater, but then again, when you first saw it, the bronze frog didn't look as though it was ever alive. The same magic is at work here.

You look at the bronze frog in your oven-mitted hands and are shocked as it looks back -- and blinks. The frog is moving and breathing on top of your mitts. What's more, it doesn't feel hot or even slightly warm.

A loud whoop distracts you from the frog. You watch as one of the pirates runs towards the nearest building. "Gold!" the pirate shouts.

You and the crew follow the greedy pirate and see what he was talking about -- the door of the nearest building is decorated with golden filigree, and has what appear to be solid gold handles.

The pirate reaches the door, greedily rubs his hands together and reaches out for the handle. Before his hands quite reach it, there's an electric pop -- like a soft crack of thunder -- and the pirate is thrown back from the door, landing painfully on the hard ground.

You feel a sharp heat in your mitts and look at the frog. Its eyes are glowing a menacing red. Immediately all thoughts clear from your mind, and you see a tall tower. You understand that this tower is in the exact centre of the island. You understand that you must go to this tower. You understand that you must not touch anything else until you have visited this tower and bested its challenges.

The vision clears, and you look around at the pirate crew. The palpable sorrow in their eyes confirms that you all experienced the same frog vision this time.

"This way," shouts Captain Hartford, already walking in the direction of the city's central tower, which, as the largest structure on the landmass, is clearly and unmistakably visible in the distance.

~ยง~

The central tower is located at the end of a wide road. It is surrounded on all sides by a series of walled courtyards. You and the pirate crew enter the one at the end of the road, finding a garden inside. In contrast to the natural barrenness of much of the city, the garden is almost sickeningly green, with a dizzying array of trees, flowers, bushes, vines and plants of every description, many of which you can't identify. It doesn't look like the sort of place that's been underwater for thousands of years.

But the vegetation is not the first thing you notice as you enter the courtyard. In the center of the garden, something floats in the air. It's transparent and shimmering, like you imagine a ghost would be. But it doesn't resemble a person, or even an animal. It is a floating square, containing inner squares in staid colours, unlike anything you've ever seen. If it weren't a floating wraith in the middle of an impossible garden in the middle of the lost city of Atlantis, you get the feeling you might find it boring.

You approach the wraith and experimentally reach out your hands to touch it. Though your hands pass through it like smoke, its surface appears to react to your touch. Near the top, there appear to be a series of buttons -- and if you look at these buttons very closely, they appear to contain English text.

Behind the strange wraith lies the entrance to the tower. It is a large wooden door with no handle, knob, knocker, or other visible means of opening. A couple of members of the pirate crew gingerly approach it and attempt to push it open -- it does not yield.

You turn your attention back to the wraith. Another challenge.

---

Challenge: Find the hidden password in the holographic password manager program.
