Skellig Michael is tiny island located off the shore of Ireland. Centuries ago, it was home to a monastery, but now hosts only ruins. And puffins. Lots of puffins. Which all fly away as you, Captain Hartford and another member of the pirate crew disembark the Hurricane and set foot on the desolate shore.

"We're here," says the pirates -- a large fellow with a voice like a chainsaw and a face like the side of a cliff. "Now what?"

You hope that you're managing not to let your inner uncertainty show through your expression or body language. You take a deep breath, grit your teeth, and march forward, holding the bronze frog out in front of you.

As you came closer to the island of Skellig Michael, the frog's initially cool surface began to heat up. A few miles out you weren't sure whether the frog was actually heating or your hands were just clammy with nervous sweat, but now that you're on the island it feels like a live mammal. Ironic, considering frogs are cold-blooded.

You lead the three pirates further inland. The frog grows ever warmer in your hands -- so much that you start to wonder how hot it will be when you find whatever it's leading you towards. You turn a corner and encounter the edge of a medieval stone wall. The frog grows warmer as you walk alongside it.

Then, all of a sudden, the frog cools off. You halt immediately and take a step backwards. The frog heats up again. You slowly retrace your steps, drawing closer to the wall. The frog is getting hot -- you have to juggle it between your hands to carry it now.

You examine the wall carefully, swapping the frog between your hands. Then you see it -- a loose stone brick, right at the base of the wall. The cliff-faced pirate notices it a moment before you, and dives to clear it with an agility belied by his size.

A brown paper envelope lies in the gap left by the stone. You feel an acute pain as the frog sears your palm and cry out as you toss it aside.

"Quiet!" Captain Hartford snaps. "What's that?"

You pick up the brown envelope. It's a fair bit larger than a regular page, and despite some creases, still looks reasonably crisp and new. You wonder who could have hidden it here and for what purpose. A small column of smoke rises in your peripheral vision -- the frog is scorching the grass around the spot you dropped it on.

You shrug and open the brown envelope. Inside you find two large pieces of what appears to be parchment, both folded in half. The parchment is yellowed and fragile. Once unfolded, both parchments reveal elaborate pictorial designs. The parchments wouldn't look out of place in an ancient bible, hand-written by monks.

The large pirate hands you the bronze frog. It is now completely cool to the touch, presumably waiting the next activation phrase.

Captain Hartford looks your way expectantly. "What does it say?" she asks.

From her stern gaze and the large pirate's contemptuous grimace, you get the impression that you are expected to provide an answer if you wish to return with them to the Hurricane rather than spending the rest of your life among the puffins.

---

Challenge: Find the hidden messages in the old parchments.
Note: The BMP files are provided just for reference and do not form part of the challenge.

