The airship's bridge is large and spacious, but the large mass of pirates milling around take up every inch of available space. Nonetheless, the pirates find space give their captain a wide passage as she leads you across the floor, like a fleshy reinactment of the parting of the Red Sea.

"Crew!" the captain barks. "Our bird has escaped its cage."

A murmur rises from the gathered crowd but is quickly stifled. The pirates avoid making eye contact with their captain.

The captain grins wickedly and allows the tension to hang in the air for an uncomfortably long moment. You feel the crew's scattered gaze focusing on you and fear for your skin.

Then the captain chuckles. "At ease, shipmates. The Hurricane is a ship for the sly and the free -- the only prisoners here are those too weak-willed to make their own freedom. I lay no blame for this escape on any of you, for this is a blessedly cursed ship."

At the captain's words, the whole room seems to deflate and then explodes into laughter. You breathe a sigh of relief.

After allowing the crew to laugh for a few minutes, the captain clears her throat and shouts over the noise, "I have invited our guest to join this crew, and this offer was graciously accepted."

The mirth dies down and the crew fall to muttering, interspersed with dark chuckles. You feel uneasy once more.

The captain continues, "In lieu of the usual initiation" -- the crew sighs deeply at this -- "the final condition I will attach to full membership of this crew" -- the captain turns to you -- "is the immediately translation of the parchment we found upon your person -- the Ribet Manuscript."

You were really hoping for more time before this came up, but that was perhaps an unrealistic hope. You momentarily consider trying to negotiate for the standard initiation. But it is soon too late. At a signal from the captain, a group of crew members bring two objects toward you -- your grandfather's thesis, with the parchment laid on top of it -- and an ornate dark wooden box detailed in gold.

You immediately notice that the design on the top of the box is a pattern of five rectangles, divided in the same way as the five sections of the unintelligible text on the parchmenet. The box design and your parchment bear such a striking resemblance that you now understand what made the pirate captain so excited about it.

"We have searched the world for this document, as it is said that this enchanted box contains a map to treasures exceeding the wealth of many nations," the captain explains. "At last, we now have it in our reach."

You sit down and take a closer look at the box and the parchment that's caused you so much trouble. You're not sure you actually can translate it, but it's not as if you have a choice, so you might as well look like you're trying for as long as possible.

---

Challenge: Figure out the what the strange parchment says.
