Captain Hartford is not forthcoming about whatever history she shares with Admiral Kilroy. What little you manage to glean confirms your assumption that it is not a pleasant history. They both served together at one point, potentially even trained together. According to the Admiral, Hartford was dishonourably discharged, which could account for why she's a pirate captain now rather than an admiral herself.

The captain herself will only say one word to you about Kilroy: "Traitor". Could he have been somehow responsible for Hartford's discharge? Your curiosity is dampened only by your healthy respect for Captain Hartford and the Hurricane's traditional-style walking plank.

As before, the frog heats up as you draw closer to the location of the next activation phrase. Maybe this one will just be written on a piece of paper in mirrored text or something -- it would be a welcome change from having to solve complex puzzles with a pirate rapier resting uncomfortably close to your throat. If this is what it's like being a member of the crew, you're glad to no longer be a prisoner.

"There it is! I see it! Land the ship in front of that house!"

You're startled from your reverie by Hartford's sudden yell. You rush over to the window she's looking out and see the house from your shared vision. The cliff-faced pirate nods to both of you. In your hands, the frog warms.

"Where did you get those oven mitts?" Hartford demands of you.

You stammer something about them being your lucky oven mitts and totally not stolen from the ship's kitchen. Luckily for you, the Captain is soon distracted by something out the window. She gasps and curses.

You turn to see a clearer view of the house than you had before. In your vision, you don't recall it being a burnt out husk.

~ยง~

The house is devastated. The windows and doors have all been blown out, and the walls are blackened. Small plumes of smoke rise here and there.

"This must be the Admiral's doing," Hartford mutters. "We're too late. He must have been close enough to receive the frog's message as well."

You almost agree with her, but the heat of the frog on your oven mitts gives you pause. "If we were too late, wouldn't the frog be cold?"

Captain Hartford's eyes flash and she reaches for the frog with a bony hand, staying her arm just before contact. "You're right. It's like a fire. I should have known its magic was too powerful to be thwarted by mere arson."

The captain commands her crew to enter and search the house. Immediately they swarm the place like rats. You hope the structure doesn't collapse on them.

Before long, you feel the frog growing warmer again. A heavily sooted pirate exits the building and approaches you. He's carrying a perfectly white roll of paper.

As your oven mitts are starting to get singed, you drop the frog in a pail of water you had the foresight to bring along and remove them.

"This was the only thing not all burnt up, cap'n," the pirate says, handing the roll to Hartford, who immediately passes it to you.

You unfurl the roll of paper to discover a map. It's the same one from your vision and no doubt comes from the now-destroyed room of maps. It's quite a beautiful, elaborate map, made back when Australia was still referred to as New Holland.

You know the routine now. There's a message hidden in this map. And knowing the frog, it's not likely that this message is hidden in the same way as any of the others.


---

Challenge: The map is the message and the message is the map.
